So let us write a function remove element which takes the array
its size and the value as parameters and returns the new length
we need iterating variable i and one more
variable to point the new array.
So declare i and new len. So write int i, newlen
equal to zero
Now iterate the array, compare the element with the given
value.
If it is the same, do nothing. And if it
is not the same, then move that element to new len index
and increment it. So write for i equal to zero,
i less than n, i++ and in each iteration,
check if array[i] is not equal to the
given value
If true, we need to place the current element array[i]
in array[new len].
And then we need to increment the new len value
So write array[new len ++] equal to
array[i]
And finally we can return the new length of the array. So return new length and it is done.